# packages in environment at C:\Users\abhin\Anaconda3\envs\csearch:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
asgiref                   3.4.1              pyhd3eb1b0_0    anaconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                he774522_0    anaconda
ca-certificates           2022.4.26            haa95532_0    anaconda
certifi                   2022.6.15       py310haa95532_0    anaconda
cffi                      1.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
commonmark                0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              38.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
dataclasses               0.6                      pypi_0    pypi
django                    3.2.5              pyhd3eb1b0_0    anaconda
filelock                  3.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.3                      pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
keybert                   0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
libffi                    3.4.2                hd77b12b_4    anaconda
libpq                     12.9                 hb652d5d_3    anaconda
lxml                      4.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
nltk                      3.7                      pypi_0    pypi
nlu                       4.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.23.1                   pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   1.1.1o               h2bbff1b_0    anaconda
packaging                 21.3                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    1.4.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pdfminer-six              20220524                 pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    9.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pip                       21.2.4          py310haa95532_0    anaconda
psycopg2                  2.8.6           py310hcd4344a_1    anaconda
py4j                      0.10.9                   pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow                   9.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pycparser                 2.21                     pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
pypdf2                    2.10.5                   pypi_0    pypi
pyspark                   3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.10.4               hbb2ffb3_0    anaconda
python-dateutil           2.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python-docx               0.8.11                   pypi_0    pypi
python-pptx               0.6.21                   pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2022.1          py310haa95532_0    anaconda
pyyaml                    6.0                      pypi_0    pypi
regex                     2022.7.25                pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.28.1                   pypi_0    pypi
rich                      12.5.1                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sentence-transformers     2.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sentencepiece             0.1.97                   pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                61.2.0          py310haa95532_0    anaconda
six                       1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
sklearn                   0.0                      pypi_0    pypi
spark-nlp                 4.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sparknlp                  1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.38.5               h2bbff1b_0    anaconda
sqlparse                  0.4.1                      py_0    anaconda
threadpoolctl             3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.12               h2bbff1b_0    anaconda
tokenizers                0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
torch                     1.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.64.0                   pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.21.1                   pypi_0    pypi
typing_extensions         4.1.1              pyh06a4308_0    anaconda
tzdata                    2022a                hda174b7_0    anaconda
urllib3                   1.26.11                  pypi_0    pypi
vc                        14.2                 h21ff451_1    anaconda
vs2015_runtime            14.27.29016          h5e58377_2    anaconda
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    anaconda
wincertstore              0.2             py310haa95532_2    anaconda
xlsxwriter                3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.2.5                h8cc25b3_1    anaconda
zlib                      1.2.12               h8cc25b3_2    anaconda
